just a tragic story and a tragic ending
it's hard to say if it's regrets but is
there anything different we could have
done
Nicola Kilner co-founder and CEO of
decim and the ordinary this is the
unthinkable inspirational and tragic
story of how she built a 2.2 Billion
Dollar Empire I always just had this
feeling that the only way to Achieve
Financial Freedom is entrepreneurship
and then I met Brandon
Brandon Truax founder of decim and the
ordinary one of the fastest growing skin
care companies in the world a success
story the minute it launched we couldn't
keep it in stock producing 400 000 units
every single day it valued at 2.2
billion US Dollars it truly happened
what felt like overnight and this is
really where Brandon's Behavior started
to change
gone from someone who there was just so
much warmth it's just this coldness in
his eyes I was suddenly pushed out of
everything and then I got fired Yusuf
emails were being sent firing people and
copying the whole company in everything
was played out on Instagram saying he
was shutting down the entire company the
shareholders had to step in but then
things just seemed to keep spiraling and
I don't know what to do to help him
we've got breaking news right now of the
founder of decim has died
foreign
what would you do if the person closest
to you
your best friend your partner the person
you've built your life with is seemingly
lost their sanity overnight and went
from working with you to Turning against
you this story is as profound as it is
heartbreaking it is as haunting as it is
heroic of all the stories we've shared
on this podcast this is the most
chilling it is the most hard to believe
and right at the end of this
conversation there is a Twist that I did
not see coming when you learn in the
most tragic way
that history is just repeating itself an
incredible business story an unthinkable
tragedy and a formidable entrepreneur
that stood tall when most would fall
and a genius lost to the world too soon
so pause take a deep breath because what
comes next is not ordinary it is
certainly extraordinary
foreign
[Music]
paint a picture for me
paint a picture for me of where you have
come from so I think quite a traditional
um you know because mum stayed at home
so she did do the cooking the cleaning
in just a very caring uh you know Jesus
with my my children today and it makes
me so happy because I know what kind of
mum she was and just knowing that that
love that they're going to have my dead
father was very
um great sense of humor always very
playful very inspiring very charismatic
always had kind of Big Ideas uh kind of
high energy and my mum was much more
reserved more of an introvert my dad was
kind of always there the people person
always kind of very busy socially and
Mum was very calm dad would have a
temper sometimes but you know nothing
too much
and at that age at that young age sort
of like around that 10 11 12 age what
were your aspirations and hopes for your
future if I'd asked you where did you
think you were going to end up
it's actually a combination of kind of
almost two what I don't think needs to
be extremes anymore but kind of I think
originally would have been seen as two
one was actually a stay-at-home mum
because I think I'd seen my mum
obviously just in that role and I've
always been very maternal I'd always
dreamed of having children except I
always wanted freedom I never wanted to
rely on anyone else and I think I'd
always kind of been interested in
entrepreneurship watch Dragon's Den from
you know quite a young age I always just
had this feeling that actually the only
way to really Achieve Financial Freedom
is probably through entrepreneurship in
in some way so I always kind of had this
dream of almost just doing something of
my 20s kind of making all the sacrifices
to build up enough Freedom that then
actually going on to have a family I
could make the choices to really spend
my time where I wanted to is that is
that why you went and studied management
studies yes well it was actually
interesting because I never knew if I
wanted to go to university or not
because
you know I believe in University very
much if you want to become a doctor you
want to become a lawyer you know there
are there are subjects that you really
need to learn business is one of those
where it's always hard like do you learn
that at University or do you learn that
in doing so I came across this course
um which was business management in
company which is quite a unique course
which was at Nottingham Trent University
so it's sponsored by different Blue Chip
companies so Rolls Royce boots Barclays
Tescos companies like that they take on
40 people into this course we would work
four and a half days a week for
whichever company are sponsoring us
and then the other half day was kind of
our study time although there was much
more than that and actually we were then
we'd go so I chose boots well we went
through interviews our boots was my
first choice and I was lucky to get
there boots for anyone that doesn't
under know the story if you're overseas
in America or something it's kind of
like CVS or something isn't it pretty
much that's the equivalent
um what's your so if we just pause it
and what's your opinion now on
University when your children get to
that age where they're about to make
that decision you've got two young
children when they get to 18 years old
and if they said Mommy I want to be
entrepreneur like you what advice would
you give them based on your experience
so I actually would always probably
recommend doing a few years in a
corporate because I have to say at boots
I learned so much
you know you learn the things that they
do really well you learn the things that
they do not necessarily wrong but just
the drawbacks of being such a big
organization so I think you know more
than going to University like those two
the two placement years I did at boots I
learned incredibly so much and depending
on the kind of person you want you know
if you go to a big corporate it's so
difficult to impact the culture there
because there's just so many people
there's so much history
and if you are someone who's kind of got
this strong drive to make a change
then you know entrepreneurship I think
is just an incredible area and even if
it's not your idea but going to join a
startup is just incredible energy and it
just would always be what I would
recommend at that point
if there was a key skill or a key set of
skills that you took from your time
working in a corporate app boot that
then
proved to be incredibly valuable as you
went on
what were those skills
so when I was it so so when I graduated
I then stayed on and I was an assistant
by to begin with and then I got promoted
to be um a buying manager for them which
was really around relationships it was
about collaboration it was about looking
around the world seeing new technologies
finding the Innovation new brands and
then really hand-holding those which
mainly were entrepreneurs to come into
boots to actually show them look this is
how we could launch uh you know we had a
stand it was called latest spines we
would launch a new innovation for a
period of three months as a trial to see
if it would work would boots consumers
like this if it did they would get a
listing with boots kind of long term
and that just really suited my skill set
because it was a very entrepreneurial
role because actually you know I I very
much guided them with PR agencies and
actually how to build the plan and
um you know we used to have the saying
of like launch and love because actually
it's one thing to get a listing of boots
it's another thing for your product to
actually be picked and taken off the
shelf like the listing is just the first
thing you know you you have to drive
consumers you have to have that entire
plan and I think it was just a really
good way of actually learning from
working with supply chain working with
Finance doing the checks with legal can
we do this what can we say it was a
really good sense of actually working
with so many different departments and
actually starting to understand I think
consumer goods learning demand learning
how to create it and so I feel like that
role was created
which really just suited my my skill set
incredibly well and I'm very fortunate
for that and then that's also how I met
Brandon so I actually had a huge impact
and obviously my my next stage too and
Brandon was a business you were maybe he
had a business you may be looking at
yeah so he was with his previous
business which was called indeed labs
and we launched a couple of their
products through this program latest
finds so I'd worked with him and I
remember
you know and actually when I this sounds
alien now so many years ago but you
couldn't check your emails when you left
the office so often every morning I'd
come in and I was dealing with a lot of
international entrepreneurs so I'd
always come into like an inbox full of
emails I always remember like looking
for his name because his email was
always so full of energy he always
signed off Smiles Brandon you know just
someone who's positivity his passion
just kind of really Shone through that
I'd always go straight to his emails
kind of open it and you know the
launches that we did with Brandon indeed
loves were some of the most successful
we did through the through the
Innovation program and and he was just
you know when he used to come to the
boots head office in Nottingham just it
was bouncing off the walls with kind of
this infectious energy and I remember
just from the day I met him thinking
gosh I always want this person in my
life because he just had this Aurora and
just someone who you knew wanted to
actually also make the world a better
place and kind of really cared about
doing good and and doing things
differently
and at some point you start having a
conversation with him privately about
launching a business your own business
and then he's launching his business
right yeah so so I remember he suddenly
left in dude Labs now indeed Labs he he
founded it it was a rocket ship it was
kind of doing super well I remember
getting this this message from him that
he left and just being like
shocked as in like what has happened
um
so then when he was next in London I met
up with him
and obviously he told me about his
reasons for leaving he was going to do
this next thing and I'd always kind of
had this this Viewpoint of wanting to do
my own business and ever since I worked
in Beauty I found that you know I always
had friends family everyone asking
what's the best mascara what's the best
foundation and just how we'd go to
TripAdvisor you know to look at kind of
ratings and reviews for restaurants and
hotels I wanted to create the same thing
for beauty that actually ranked the
products
so I told Brenda my dear and said I want
to do this and like what do you think do
you have any advice and he told me he
wanted to start something called decim
which was from the Latin word for the
number 10 and it wasn't designed to be a
beauty engine at that time
there was a beauty concept but there was
a technology concept there was a food
concept so kind of just lots of
different ideas generating but with this
Viewpoint of doing 10 things at once so
he said why don't you come and help do
deci in with me and I'll help do the the
beauty we went on to call it Beauty wise
with you
so then obviously I made the decision to
leave boots which um obviously I was at
the age of uh 24 23 24 and I remember
telling mum and everyone's like oh like
you're in a really good business you've
got a good like you're already achieving
things but I just knew that I wasn't
meant to be there forever so I yeah I
left 10 years ago and then it was the
start of decim
I've got to say this idea of doing 10
brands at once seems like it's counter
intuitive to all anything you might read
in a business book that speaks to the
importance of focus
um was there any sense in that in your
view so in in actually our office in in
Melbourne we used to have on the wall
focus is overrated because everyone does
tell you not to do 10 things at once
and actually there were so many benefits
to doing 10 things at once so first of
all it was this Viewpoint of trying to
create this ecosystem of you know how do
we have our own manufacturing do our own
comms in-house because
and again it takes funds to set up that
ecosystem but also you know so many
entrepreneurs which
I understand why they're in this
situation but so many entrepreneurs have
to Outsource everything they go to the
pr agency they go to a lab they go to
someone to do your r d and then you're
really just coordinating all of those
efforts rather than I mean so it was a
privilege we could build this this whole
ecosystem because then at the table
everyone sat there everyone's generating
ideas and again you know if I think
around like doing comms in-house it's a
lot for one brand to pay but if you've
got 10 brands suddenly you can look at
it as 10 of everyone's salary if I'm
flying to Australia to me to buy a wall
do I want to present one brand or do I
present ten Brands and also just this
you know area of you don't know what's
going to until if you're in consumer
brand
until it starts selling you don't really
know what's going to be you can do all
the research and all the insights and in
the world until something gets traction
you don't really know what's going to
work so also just set up this incredible
structure that we could fail we could
keep trying things if we could fail
relatively cheaply quickly and kind of
start the next thing what's the downside
though of doing 10 brands so I'd say the
downside in in the later years is
because the ordinary has become such a
huge success when the ordinary took off
the other brands got pushed aside
because it's very difficult if you have
one brand that's really driving such a
huge portion of your revenues when
everyone is you know facing high
workload that always gets prioritized so
then you end up ignoring the other
brands versus if they had a dedicated
team in is something now we want to
actually restart our incubator engine
and actually the only way we can do that
is by having a dedicated team to that so
there are downsides I think the other
thing that made a huge difference for us
because we didn't have much money as a
startup and we obviously wanted to hire
all of these people we couldn't afford
experience so everyone who was hired was
pretty much straight out of of
University straight out of college just
applied for their first job
and actually that meant no one really
had preconditioned ideas about the
beauty industry about the way things
should be everyone was approaching it
just with a almost a very practical
viewpoint
and I think that made a big difference
too with actually this how do we think
differently how do we do what others
aren't doing it was almost never
something that had to be discussed
because people hadn't worked for the
other conglomerates for all the years
soon after you become co-ceos with
Brandon yeah um I always think about
co-founder relationships and you know
people being yin and yang and what the
kind of right balance is for for
co-founders in your case you the way
that you came together was quite unique
it wasn't necessarily there wasn't an
initial interest in being co-founders
you were both going to do two separate
things you then kind of got drawn
towards each other
if I put your personality on this side
and Brandon's here what are the the
differences how are they complementary
but also uncomplementary
so Brandon was eccentric yes he was I'd
say we both were both very passionate
he was a lot more eccentric and I'm a
lot more calm I think would be a big
difference but I guess but also from the
skill set you know he was
um he was so into this like he was a
genius when it came to science and he
was a tech person originally so he came
from things with a very he didn't
understand gray it was black and white
and actually that was quite a good way
to actually approach the science I think
behind beauty products and he was at
times short-tempered
um I'd be the the kind of smoothing
things out and he would kind of be a
little bit more hot-headed but again I
think it was you know a startup culture
is not for everyone but for me those
first few years were incredible
but he also just had this amazing way of
making things fun uh you know like when
we would plan trips to go on meetings he
would be prioritizing which restaurants
we were going to where it's got the best
ice cream what are we gonna go and do
here and actually the work was something
that came alongside it he also had this
you know he had this philosophy he
wanted to build a family
he'd had you know a troubled upbringing
I think he'd always you know he'd he'd
actually had this pattern I think of
always leaving a business when it kind
of just went on the verge of success
um Jesse and was his fourth business he
had a tech business and he had two
Beauty businesses euroka then indeed
before before decim
and each time what hurt him was actually
leaving the relationships and the people
behind so his Viewpoint of decim was
actually how do we build a family like a
work family but I think he
he was never work and I think that's
what so many of us felt weekends
evenings like we wanted to be doing
deciing because we were all friends we
were all eating together we were going
to Niagara Falls on the weekend we were
going to a theme park in Toronto like we
were just having fun whilst we were
doing everything
the part you said about he wanted to
build a family because he had a sort of
troubled upbringing I'm trying to
understand now how his upbringing you
believe shaped his perspective on how
you assemble a company it sounds there
like he was building the family he might
not have had or there's clearly some
attachment challenges there if he wants
to sell the brands but not the people
yeah and and again the Heartbreak
associated with leaving these companies
was all about losing relationships a lot
of that speaks to something that must
have happened early
yeah so I think
it was around building a family of he
never wanted anyone to leave him and
he wanted decim to to be a place of
belonging and actually even now we have
belonging as our kind of Northstar like
the most important thing anyone in our
team should feel is that they belong at
decim whoever they are whatever they
believe in like there is a place for
them at decim and I think that really
comes from this like sense of family and
I think
and you know again like I even look at
my my husband's world I do think
startups because
you're working in a very intense
environment it does build relationships
far deeper than well I ever experienced
at boots and that I think would exist in
in corporates
so this sense of family I think you know
we would have taken a bullet for each
other and I think even now like within
within decimal you know we're 1500
people now but we still have so many of
those early team members
it is but actually a very happy one yeah
this morning I did a talk and I said
listen I'm going to say something here
which might get me in trouble I'm like
you've got to scale from a cult I was
like I always have to disclaimer and
explain culture really bad of course and
you know they manipulate people but this
is what I mean it's that that sense of
dedication We're All in This Together
inspirational founder Mission you all
believe in and you believe you're right
regardless of what the outside world
says you're on a mission you're sleeping
under the debt you know yeah well it's
they always say that you know you can
you can do like complain about your
parents but for anyone else there's a
bad word about yourself even if they're
saying the same thing you've said
industrian's like that you know like you
can complete like in terms of like maybe
there's not this process but anyone says
a bad word you come straight to the
defense but I think it was just so much
love and passion and again Brandon cares
for all of us like he had so much love
that you gave it back and that's where
it was so difficult you know when we
when we went through the the unthinkable
and things became so difficult because
it wasn't a colleague like you've just
lived this incredible journey of us all
traveling together building something so
special like just this such a sense of
We're All in This Together like even
when times are hard like we've got each
other's backs and things may not work
out but actually let's just have fun
let's learn things and let's just keep
trying like let's never be afraid to
fail and let's just do it together
people hear that and they see
the
outcome so everything you've described
there is the outcome you've got this
great culture people are dedicated
they're loyal they're on this Mission
what people will be thinking because
they'll be sat in their offices now
working somewhere or they'll be building
a company of their own in fact this
young lady came up to me this morning
and asked me this question when I was
um doing this talk she said I've got
this small team and I'm trying to create
exactly what you've described that kind
of real dedicated kind of cult-like
um company culture where everyone's in
it
how
how how does one create it it's so it's
actually quite difficult to explain how
it comes together because in many cases
from what I've observed it's not
necessarily intentional
I.E there wasn't it wasn't like a
strategic
um drawn-up plan to make people really
care it was quite a natural thing that
resulted in that sort of deep sense of
care from the team members
um I'll offer up one thing which you
said which I thought was spot on which
people often Overlook which is fun yeah
people think of you know people think
well we'll give perks and this but it's
all the things that happen outside of
the work that seem to do most of the
work in creating that cult
and you you come up with the best ideas
when you're doing something on the
weekend and you're not in that that kind
of Monday to Friday nine till five Zone
that's when that creativity I think
happens and I think you know people
spend so long in the workplace and
that's why it's so important that
actually people enjoy coming in the one
thing that I say like is it's definitely
been like a purposeful shift is I look
back at early startup culture and I
don't know if it's always kind there's
very high expectations and again if
you're working you know I'm I'm calm
Brandon is very high passion high
expectations you know there's this
people feel like they need to work on
the weekends and the evenings and is
that healthy even though actually
is trying to get that balance and I
think it'd be interesting you know and
again with my husband who's a different
stage of startup I always just find it
interesting around like I think
especially in today's world like we're
so much more aware about mental health
and burnout and actually how to be much
more respectful of balance
which I don't know if we necessarily had
back then but equally I feel like again
we're pretty much a bunch of young 20
year olds with Brandon you know being a
little bit older who are all just happy
and loved what we were doing and when
you start creating things and you start
to see the the results of your work then
that drives you even further and then
that makes it even more exciting because
you know you can see what you're
achieving is actually meaning something
do you think you could have achieved the
success with decim and the ordinary and
the other brands if you didn't have that
lack of balance and early cult-like
culture no and and again like you're
thinking only in the early days
everyone's around the same table you've
got predvey who's making formulations
Dion who's doing comms and brand like
everyone's just there talking coming up
with ideas and that's that collaboration
is so special and you know you're you're
in WhatsApp groups and you're like have
you seen this let's do this and also I
think you know the other thing in the
early days being agile is so important
and everyone was okay you could work on
something in the next day there'd be a
change of decision or someone had a
different review and you're like oh
actually let's go in that direction now
that gets harder I think as you get
bigger and actually there are many more
teams and there's more people involved
so that's interesting
um I have to say I agree
um with with um any business I've ever
been in I I look back at those first
what are 10 20 people in the way they
behaved and that's ultimately what we
scaled but it's that energy enthusiasm
that got us from like zero to one does
that therefore mean that there's a
certain type of person you should be
looking to hire at that early phase that
may be
can't afford to have more of an
unbalanced life
come on who's prepared to wear every
hat so in our early days we would say
yes to like we'd get an order from boots
if we didn't think we could fulfill it
we would say yes and we'd figure it out
afterwards and that would often mean
Brandon myself like all of the whoever
was working in the office at the time
we'd go and work in the factory we would
pull all-nighters making the products
and you know back then I can remember
with hand chemistry we had like a hand
crimping machine like we'd been but it
didn't seal that well and about 1 in 10
actually exploded if you squeeze too
hard so we'd be like there at night like
making them squeezing them like okay
they can pass
so you have to have people that are
prepared to get on production line to
pack the boxes and again like you know
my even later on like when it was you
know times around November Black Friday
which you know more recently we
boycotted and we well we have slovember
our campaign but those periods where
it's busy everyone gets into the
warehouses and they help ship the
products out so I think the ability to
wear whichever hat is needed for you at
that moment is the most important skill
set
what do you think of this concept of
work life balance
you know I had someone on the podcast
the other day and it's called Alex
samosie and he was saying that um he was
like people need to stop having a
conversation around work-life balance
because it kind of
assumes that there is such a thing as a
universal balance that we should all be
striking whereas as you described it you
were happy
and you okay your life you might have
been slightly one-dimensional but but
you were happy and surely that happiness
is the most important thing and Alex
hamosi says listen I do two things I
work and I play video games that's it
and I'm happy so stop telling me to do
work-life balance I'm happy yeah 100
agree and I think you know it comes down
to what's what's the right balance to
you and it changes at different periods
of your life so I was in my 20s I was
fine on my maybe sacrificed nights out
and kind of doing other things but I was
so happy being traveling all the time
being in this kind of Destiny and bubble
creating all of these this magic and to
me that's such a powerful concept around
how do we achieve balance in different
periods of your life we're all going to
have periods where we can be working
every hour and we love it and actually
it's our it's our work but also it's our
hobby it's our downtime because we just
love it so much then you'll have another
period of your life where you know maybe
you have a an elderly parent that needs
your support maybe you're going through
some challenges you've got young
children how do we step up and support
each other to say you know what I've got
you here you do this I'll cover those
bits for you because in another few
years maybe it switches around and again
that's something that I think is is so
unique to when we say a family culture
that to me is an example of kindness
that I think really actually
demonstrates it there has been a debate
it hasn't there about the use of the
word family in the corporate world
people think it means it kind of asserts
that there's a lack of boundaries and
these are not you know Netflix's whole
culture document which is like we're not
a family we're a high performance team
um and I think I have
struggled to figure out where I sit on
it because there are many elements of
the family culture that I always want in
my businesses that sort of care that
going above and beyond the way you know
a deeper sense of relationship that's
non-transactional
and then also
on the other hand you don't fire your
family
you know so what what is that balance
between family and high performance team
for me family is about belonging and
everyone just really feeling like they
have a safe place to be and that they
are loved I think kindness sometimes is
mistaken for weakness and and also I
think there's there's a conflict between
the words being kind and being nice
being nice
is is kind but can be superficial you
know you see a stranger on the street
you're like hi how you know you open the
door it's nice but do you truly mean
like how are you are you just kind of
passing it
if someone's not performing at work it's
not necessarily a nice thing to have
that conversation with them
but it is the kind thing because if your
intention is to help them and the help
may be this is maybe a different role
that we see in the company which we
think you're more suited for it may be
that we think you need this coaching
this training to get to where you need
to be and it may be that look you're in
this role but we're not seeing the
delivery here we actually think the
better option for you is is outside and
now when we've done terminations you
know we've done things around like how
do we do counseling where actually it
helps someone to look for another career
depending on kind of what role it is and
the reasons why we're leaving because to
me then that's a kind of way we're
actually trying to help that person and
the other thing you know
our business we we were like
kind of this and we like had a rocket
ship kind of boomed and then then we
came to a dip just after after kind of
Cove it it hit me when I realized if my
numbers don't pick up again we're going
to have to let people go because
actually
that is the consequence of business like
you're you're there to kind of
do many things but ultimately like one
factor of that is is to be a business
and to make money and if you start to
not hit your numbers ultimately like you
can't lose money for long people will
start to say you have to save money
where does that come from head count and
I think that then hit me again that okay
we have to perform so to be kind to
everyone we have to be a performing team
so again I think you can be high
performing
but by being kind I think you can make
everyone feel safe and trusted that
again if you have to make the hard
decision you're going to do it in the
way
to be as kind as possible and actually
you know have the action to try and help
quick one before we get back to this
episode just give me 30 seconds of your
time
two things I wanted to say the first
thing is a huge thank you for listening
and tuning into the show week after week
means the world to all of us and this
really is a dream that we absolutely
never had and couldn't have imagined
getting to this place but secondly it's
a dream where we feel like we're only
just getting started and if you enjoy
what we do here please join the 24 of
people who watch this channel regularly
and have hit the Subscribe button means
more than I can say and if you hit that
subscribe button here's a promise I'm
gonna make to you I'm gonna do
everything in my power to make this show
as good as I can now and into the future
we're going to deliver the guests that
you want me to speak to and we're going
to continue to keep doing all of the
things you love about the show
thank you thank you so much back to the
episode I heard you say something which
was that you um
you're the least qualified CEO ever yep
you don't sound like the least qualified
CEO ever
I guess you've been through some so
I definitely am again you know you have
to
I was there from the beginning
and being someone who can you know play
a leader for an organization of 10
people 20 people 100 people is a very
different skill set
do you know we are 1500 people we now
have a majority ownership from sa Lord
of companies who are a public company
our whole world has changed
and rightly so because being a much
bigger organization we have to be far
more organized and planning and I
wouldn't say those are necessarily my
skill sets and again when you know the
the kind of dip I mentioned was a very
difficult period because we'd we'd just
been on this rocket ship of you know
even when things were difficult the one
thing that always we were always ahead
of budget targets whatever anyone set
for us we always were just over
achieving which feels incredible when
you're in business like if you hit
numbers and everything else just falls
into place
and I remember like you lose confidence
and I remember actually saying to to
Stefan who um is we reporting to it ELC
he was like an incredible person but
each time when I used to say oh like you
know this is it's not going right and I
said like I'll resign like I'm not the
person
but dad's like I need help like I was
like I can't do this like I'm I'm not
the CEO who
understands numbers in the right way who
plans like I changed my mind and again
like you think about all the things as
as a as a startup you can do things
quickly you can change if you change
your mind on a decision when you now
have many more people working on it you
demotivate people you become chaos is
fun in a startup in a large organization
chaos can become demotivating
so then I was very fortunate that we did
bring in
um a very incredible general manager who
joined us about a year ago and he has
had such a transformation on the company
because
he can't believe just the basics we
didn't have in place and because we'd
grown so quickly and it's now to get
that balance between you know there's
there's areas we don't want any
experience but decims when it comes to
like brand and Innovation our values
things that we are so passionate about
when it comes to supply chain and
scaling in New Markets we need
experience
so actually having the GM come in that
actually could kind of take control of
those and then actually allow me to
focus on the areas which I'm much more
passionate about which is the the brand
area our people culture belonging social
impact it's just made a huge difference
to the business so two things that you
offering up your uh essentially
resignation from your your role when
things were a little bit tricky
it's giving me imposter syndrome
realistic
have you ever had imposter syndrome
because you know saying this quote here
about being the least qualified CEO ever
what is it from a traditional
perspective for example if I went now to
you know another company with revenues
nearing a billion dollars a year with
1500 employees I wouldn't be a good CEO
I think I could be a good people person
I think it could help on values on brand
now obviously there's an argument of
like a modern CEO and I think especially
for there's no one more qualified for
decim than me because of the history but
when I think about just the pure metrics
and the size of the business
it needed someone with some more
experience and again I'm a big believer
on
you know and anyone who thinks they're
the expert at everything they're not and
I think I'm a good person at
relationships and hope you're bringing
people on for the journey hopefully
people feeling how appreciative and
truly grateful I I am that they choose
to kind of be at decimal and give their
role every day
but there are many areas that I'm not
good at all and actually having trusted
people to support that is amazing and I
always do think myself more you know
it's kind of like the conductor of an
orchestra like being aware except I'm
not very organized so the bigger you get
then suddenly you do need someone that
maybe has got more technical skills it's
interesting because when I asked that
question about the Imposter syndrome
thing I immediately reflected upon it
and I thought
it's funny how imposter syndrome and
self-awareness can sound very very
similar
and and that's in fact from speaking to
some of your team one of the things they
repeatedly said to us was about your
self-awareness and I even reflect going
back early to your time at Boots where
you were considering contemplating
becoming a buyer and the first thing
you're doing there is saying does that
suit my skill set and what makes me
happy I mean your team said it they said
your quote is that she isn't afraid to
to tell you and she instinctively knows
what her strengths and weaknesses are
but I think it's the only way to be
authentic that you know trying to be
something that that you're not or
something that doesn't make you happy is
not really good for anyone and I
actually think like authenticity in
today's world I think is a value that is
is one of the most important because
otherwise you you get called out it'd be
crazy for me to say that I'm good at the
finance piece I'm not it's not a
strength but we have an incredible VP of
Finance we've got incredible general
manager that truly understands it so I
think actually just playing to your
strengths and allowing others to play to
their strengths is actually what brings
the authenticity I should probably read
this your team said she delegates a lot
and very well she very instinctively
knows her strengths and her weaknesses
she isn't afraid to bring on knowledge
and talent for those weaknesses
her team says she's incredibly
self-aware and also she is literally a
ray of sunshine how much did you pay
Jenny in marketing 2017.
um you launch the ordinary in 2016. yeah
at the end of 2016. at the end of 2016
and then 2017 is the ordinary's breakout
year
breakout year how do you quantify that
give us an idea
the minute it launched we couldn't keep
it in stock
it was and again from
we'd come up to the ordinary was the
11th brand that we came up with a
concept for wait that that violates the
name
but we don't Focus so we can change our
mind wow so we kept going and what's the
Latin word for 11. I don't know maybe
maybe a company name change
with the ordinary I don't think we ever
thought it would we never dreamed it
would become what is what it's become
today
we launched the ordering our frustration
that there wasn't enough transparency in
the world of skin care
and you know we took inspiration from
the world of Pharmacy if you have a
headache you can go into a pharmacy you
buy paracetamol
you're going to be paying you know 50p
to three pounds it's a very small window
no one can sell you paracetamol for a
hundred pounds because you know the
ingredient you know the milligram the
trust is there because the transparency
has been in that industry
that didn't exist in the world of skin
care which meant that if you walked into
a beauty Hall to pick a skincare product
you may see actually a relatively
similar formula being sold for 10 pounds
being sold for 100 pounds and actually
not really understanding what's the
difference you know is it the marketing
you're paying for we kind of have this
assumption does like paying more mean
more but if you go into boots and you
see a new hundred pound painkiller are
you going to trust it are you just going
to take the ingredient that's safe and
effective and trusted
and I think the reason we're feeling
frustrated was because for neod
we were really using brand new
technologies that were very expensive
and no one else was using these it was
kind of true innovation
so we said well actually let's let's
take this approach of people because
again the some of the ingredients we use
in the ordinary they may have been
around for decades that's not a bad
thing if something's been around for a
long time there's so much research done
there's so much safety and again just
like paracetamol aspirin we don't always
need new if you've actually found a
solution that has incredible effects
we presented the concept of the ordinary
to two significant retailers to have our
you know big Partners now who both said
no to launching the brand
and this was when we were kind of still
at concept stage before we'd even um
create like produce the first product
they said it was too confusing white
boxes will collect dust you know you
need to just rename the products to be
anti-aging serum region serum
actually just what everyone else looked
like in the industry
and because we had these this umbrella
and we had different brands it gave us
the confidence to say no because you
know we we were doing okay for ourselves
like we could cover everyone's payroll
we we kind of had traction with some of
the other brands so we said no let's
let's follow our gut which again it's a
privilege to be able to say that because
I know for so many entrepreneurs cash
flow is is a killer and it can be so
difficult to say no to a listing that
you know could be worth significant
money but we said actually no we really
believe that actually this transparency
is what's missing in the beauty industry
so you know we
the ordinary launched and it just
honestly was a rocket ship that even
today
we in throughout our VPS supply chain
has you know we're producing 400 000
units every single day at the moment in
our Manufacturing in Toronto
we still have retailers if you go into
boots you'll still see lots of outer
stocks on the on the Shelf like we still
struggle to keep up with demand six
years later since we launched the brand
and that has been it's just been an
incredible story but I mean we look back
at 2017. we knew we needed kind of more
money to scale so we started looking for
investment which is how many months
after launch
um oh the ordering was like three months
old
Desi M was four years old
um and again we we were doing okay like
we had some success stories not anywhere
near the scale of kind of where the
ordinary went to
we met with different private Equity
firms there was like another huge um
conglomerate who we had lots of meetings
with
and we ended up meeting with um Estee
Lauder Companies in April
and it was eight weeks from our very
first meeting to the deal being signed
which was due diligence negotiations
everything it was especially for a
corporate with a board a public company
it was it was just this huge energy from
the moment we
came to Toronto the the kind of M A Team
then they were like we we need you to
come to New York we want you to meet
Leonard or we want to meet you meet you
for Brits here last year we want you to
kind of meet this team
and I remember seeing Fabrizio the CEO
who have a huge amount of respect in
admiration form
and the deal was done within like 30
minutes of meeting because they just saw
this I think that energy particularly
from Brandon like Brandon and I were in
the room like just this creativity this
passion and the ordering was just
starting to kind of create this kind of
rumbles and I think they you know
ultimately they believed in the concept
they believed in what we wanted to do so
they uh the deal signed in June they
became a minority investor they they
took 29 of the company
and I actually you know with Jesse and
today we have had more time with ELC
than without ELC ELC the Estee Lauder
Companies okay
when Acquisitions happen I think
companies go from zero to a hundred
percent you know we're at 70 they they
own 76 now with decim and it will go to
100 and next summer
and actually that process will have been
seven years which actually is one I
think quite a forward I haven't seen
many deals like that done I think
between kind of a startup and and you
know a larger company but actually it's
just been this amazing
different chapters of us both getting to
know each other learning each other's
strengths I think having a lot of
respect for you know where where we need
help and where we kind of need to be
left alone and so actually it's just
been this really nice journey and you
know decim we're in our 10th year this
year I'm in six years of those we've had
the partnership of Estee Lauder
Companies 29 they took and I it's
rumored the valuation was about 1.5
billion
uh in so in the the last
in the 2021 investment uh okay right
yeah it was I think valued at 2.2
billion US Dollars and at that early
stage I'm trying to figure out for your
four years into decim Estee Lauder put
some money in what was the valuation at
that point when they took the 29 it
would have been about 160 million okay
Jesus okay
okay super interesting
I mean it's a it's a very quick
um trajectory relative to most companies
in that space to achieve those
valuations in such a space of time we
move on then from 2017 to 2018
um
and this is really where Brandon's
Behavior started to change
it truly happened what felt like
overnight so at the the end of 2017
so so we we close the investment in the
summer and again the ordinary at the end
of 2017 is it's a year old it's having
this incredible
just people are warming to it people are
loving the concept you know I always
think the audience is like a community
brand because it really was
spread through Word of Mouth
endorsements
and I remember my husband and I we went
to New Zealand and Australia for for
kind of the the Christmas break
and then I remember getting this call
from from Brandon saying
you know you need to go straight to the
airport with what it like he was like
have you got your passport I said yes he
said you go straight to the airport now
book a first-class flight come straight
to Toronto on the next fly turn your
phone off turn your emails he was just
like calm down let's let's be relaxed
but you need to come immediately
so he didn't tell you why no but I could
just sense it was an entirely different
person I was speaking to all of a sudden
over that over that break in the
holidays I mean the flight from
Australia to Toronto I think I was on
the plane now traveling for about 20
hours I cried the entire way because I
knew something really bad was happening
and I guess to just kind of towards the
end of 2017 and again I have to say
Brandon is someone who
he he would have like one drink in the
month like he barely drank
as far as I'm only we spent so much time
together like we didn't do drugs was
just uh he was high on energy and happy
he's just drinking diet coke and eating
fries with ketchup type person
towards the end of 2017 he'd become
intrigued I think by magic mushrooms and
just kind of
this idea of you know can you access
different parts of your brain and again
this was just something like in
Amsterdam where it's legal and it's kind
of just this
almost just this inquisitive actually
how does how does the Mind work
and I knew he'd planned to go to
Amsterdam over a new year to kind of
experiment with some of his learnings on
kind of mushrooms and in different
dosages
and and I'm someone who's quite
anti-drugs like I've always been kind of
I like to be well behaved I don't like
to kind of break and break any rules
um in in those senses
and I just had this awful feeling and
I came back to Toronto and he summoned
you know if around 10 of us to have this
meeting in The Distillery straw which
was one of our audacium stores in
Toronto's that we we closed for the day
and everything had changed
and
it was just like talking to a stranger
he had this like coldness in his eyes
and he'd gone from someone who you know
the second you see him there'd be hugs
there was just so much warmth you know
all of his emails would have hearts on
it was just kind of all of this love in
in messages and kind of just being
it's just this almost kind of zoned out
cold person
that suddenly almost felt like
kind of just had this like
it's like he didn't
understand there was no understanding
anymore between him and any of us
he spoke around things where
you know we've we were too caught up now
in the concept of time so for example he
said to me like that the next day when
you know with me for coffee and you know
our routine for the previous four years
has been
he texted me he's like I'll pick you up
at 7am
would you go to a coffee shop we'd get
you know breakfast and head to the
office and he suddenly was like there's
no time anymore I'm gonna meet you in
the coffee shop tomorrow but we don't
need to tell each other a time we'll
just be there when we're supposed to be
there
and I remember finding it really hard
because he truly was is such a genius
and a visionary
and this has happened so quickly and I
remember like ringing ringing Sean and
saying like does he does he have a point
like are we too caught up in time like
is this just like are we taking things
the wrong way
so I had a lot of confusion just around
like how can something change so quickly
and again this is someone who you know
over the four or five years of being
like insanely close to him you know we I
was in going to Toronto at this point
for like three weeks out of the month
and we'd have every dinner together
breakfast together lunch together every
weekend together
and never seeing any episodes of of
mental health or anything changing so
suddenly have this drastic change
of someone you loved but someone
suddenly who feels like he's completely
closing the door to you and kind of
pushing you out this wasn't a different
person who was angry shouting crying
scary it was suddenly very cold to
everyone
and then
so where everyone's very confused very
upset
and then there's business things that
start to happen
that make no sense that are actually
quite mean you know canceling a brand on
Instagram a big partnership we had done
with someone
canceling a retailer so he went on
Instagram and told them said to your
following on Instagram that this Brand's
no longer going to exist so before
telling them yeah so we'd spend all of
this time with Dr esho uh building this
brand I need Doctor yeah and then it
canceled like tijon found out on
Instagram with everyone else that this
brand that he'd put all this passion and
energy in was ended retailers were ended
it became it was just horrible so I did
challenge him and what happened when I
challenged him was I got a meanest
meanest response around how I just don't
understand him of all the people I I
should understand
and just yeah and be like you look back
and like nothing was making any sense
and then I got fired because again and
he wasn't technically allowed to like
you know you need board approval and all
of these things but there was there was
no Russian rational actions at this time
so this this just accelerated so quickly
and then it's so difficult because then
anyone who's trying to help gets pushed
out
then everyone's and again like in the
background I can because it's all of
these early team members like everyone
wants to help him and protect him and I
was like what do we do and you know
that's the hardest thing about
you know mental health and drug abuse
which then like Circle together
But ultimately when it's affecting
someone's brain
they can't necessarily recognize that
themselves and someone said to me
it's like you're speaking polish to them
you may think you're speaking English a
Common Language there is no
understanding in that conversation of
what each other is saying
and actually that that did start to make
sense
but it was just very difficult and I
think you know again I got fired in
February so like a month into this
and it's been the worst month of my life
like truly like horrendous like so
emotionally difficult what happened in
that break do you know have you got any
suspicions
yeah I think he's well yeah he was very
curious and I think he he took
everything to an extreme and I think
he'd been reading a lot around
psychedelics and kind of how to access
different parts of your brain and I
think he experimented a lot during that
break and do you think that triggered
some kind of psychotic
episode yeah so on that point about
being fired yeah how were you fired
I knew it was coming wow why
because he'd I'd gone from being we were
inseparable so I was suddenly pushed out
of everything excluded from conversation
conversations emails he came to London
he was in London at the time when I when
I got fired and again when he'd landed
in London from the minute he landed to
the minute he left we would be together
and I I didn't I barely saw him how did
that feel
so hurtful because hurtful and confusing
and just really hard and
and I guess you have like a whole team
who are like what's happening everyone
is scared because it's a very strong
personality who now could take anything
anyone in the team said the wrong way
and kind of someone could be at the end
of quite
you know an explosion of anger which
again was never there before
so it's just a very difficult situation
of one where you just you don't even
understand it which I think is what
makes it so hard
but I'd also I think at that point we
didn't maybe know the extent of how
how things were going to spiral from
there or how mentally and well he was
because I mean
six weeks earlier he'd been he'd been
the Brandon like we all knew and loved
so it was such a quick turnaround and
change
and I remember getting a call from from
the the person who ran our HR at the
time
and I remembered saying like I know like
he wants to fire me
and obviously she said yeah and then um
and I remember just like crying my eyes
out actually at the time
the um
yes I'm from Estee Lauder Companies who
was on the M A Team
who's based in New York
um
he was in London at the time
and it went to meet him
I know I'm just saying like I'm scared
because I don't know what's happening
and this is something it's just
entirely changed
and I don't know what to do to help him
and I remember then you know the
confusion of
someone's now acting
it doesn't matter what Agreements are in
place this is now someone acting
irrationally
but we've got to act in a certain way
because it's someone who is
so unpredictable in the way
and again I think at this point I hadn't
really realize how bad things were going
to be and you know probably things like
maybe it is me like maybe I'm not the
right person to be there anymore and
maybe for whatever reason like he thinks
I don't believe in the vision or
things have just changed
my husband who's like the most
supportive person in the world but also
very calm takes such a like relaxed
approach to anything like nothing is a
problem to him in his world in a very
positive way
he like booked as a holiday he was like
let's just get away like
you know it's been like a very hard
month right now Brendan like doesn't
want you we can't change that so let's
just focus on just like taking a moment
just to kind of
reflect
um and obviously I'd always wanted
children we'd be married for a few years
at this time I'd never wanted them last
I wasn't like the busyness of decim
because I wanted the time to enjoy being
you know a mum of young children so
we're like less
let's try and have a baby
so I got pregnant in the March and
and a month later yeah and um
but then at that point things were
spiraling with Brandon and you know
abusive emails were being sent
uh targeting everyone he was firing
because so many people within the
business
firing people and copying the whole
company in copying retailers in pressing
and it became clear like things were
really unwell
um and I remember
I think being about six weeks pregnant
I was being targeted on like some of
these emails now I'm thinking
let me announced it on Instagram
something like that happens
you know someone's not rational like
no good human being does that to someone
and then it became really hard because
I was still in this situation of loving
him so much wanting to help him feeling
just not knowing what to do
also having like the company like having
everyone started coming to me asking me
like what should we do because you've
got someone
saying things that make no sense and
being you know he was just very very
unwell so I was still trying to help
people in the background keep things
going with the business
let's see you know trying to be in the
early stages of pregnancy which now see
the whole world knew and
and it was just really really hot
and I remember when
he first got sectioned feeling such a
sense of relief
that he was finally gonna get the
treatment he needed to get better
and it was actually in in London when he
got sectioned for the first time and
then he he was out five days later
and then that was the start of you know
over that 2018. he got section five
times across London across
Canada Across America and each time
would just get released a short period
after
and then that's when I started to
to almost kind of you you lose the hope
of like how can how can we help this
person when
he keeps
getting into these terrible like you
know to get sectioned you're in a
terrible situation for authorities to
actually come in and remove you for your
own safety
but then this would just happen again
and it's it's almost like there wasn't
even a connection between like the
countries and the medical systems and
and kind of like how that all works it's
confusing but he
he has in the in the June you know he
was sending me videos crying and just
saying like I need you back I don't know
what I've done like I'm so sorry and I
remember feeling like
I could I can't help if I'm not there
maybe if I'm with him maybe I can help
him
so I went back
and the first week I went back we went
to Morocco because it was like you know
we need to plan like we need to get the
business thing sorted again and and
actually
it felt like a normalish conversation
so I remember feeling like you know
maybe
maybe things can get better and I
remember the week in Morocco just things
were worse than ever things had got even
worse at that time I'd been away
and it's just
it's a helpless situation and
I have so much empathy for anyone who
or want the people who struggle with
with mental health and addiction but
also for the people surrounding them
because it's a very toxic environment to
be in one because you're you're you're
being abused
but secondly
you're losing the love person and
thirdly you just
feel like you can't help because again
with so many other health issues
when you're not battling with the brain
there's more acceptance of treatment to
get better but that just doesn't exist
in in the same way
I can tell how much you loved him unless
he was like and this is what I find so
hard he really was so kind
and like would do anything and again
like you know when I talk about Desi and
being a family in his estate in his will
every single beneficiary is a decim
employee like that's that's this family
bond that was just so strong so just to
see that go and again like everything
was played out on Instagram Brandon was
doing all of these posts in terrible
situations
and
it's a very hard line I mean we'd we
talked to Instagram like this it's such
a free it's such a difficult you have
free speech you have someone like it's
it's a platform like people can can post
what they want you know some things
would get removed others wouldn't
but it was just an awful situation to be
in
and I think everyone just had such a
huge desire to help him and like in this
time period I mean even like essay Lord
companies were behind the scenes they
were so supportive to us but again you
have you know you go on Instagram you
see all these comments why is no one
helping him what are you all doing
and again it's it's so hard because
people
don't see that situation of it is pretty
much impossible to help
and then you have people that say look
someone has to reach Rock Bottom like
they have to just reach Rock Bottom
until they get better
so then in in October
Brendan had done an Instagram post
basically saying he was shutting down
the entire company and there would be no
more decim
and obviously that was the point when
the the shareholders had to step in
because suddenly you know there's I
think at that point we had 800 employees
like there was everyone's jobs on the
line and and again you think look maybe
maybe this is the the kind of bottom
point he needs to reach to actually
understand he needs to get help
so that's when the court order happened
to remove Brendan from the company which
again is
an incredibly hard situation because no
one wants to remove the founder who they
care so much about and you know a
Founder who is such a Visionary and is
the brand like do you feel like he is
being forcibly removed from his own
company is very difficult but you've
also got a situation where everything
was Publix that every email sent had the
whole company on CC had all the
journalists had all of our retailers had
customers on
Instagram posts were obviously going to
everyone so you're also living this out
in public
which I think also makes it a lot harder
so in October he got removed as the CEO
reflecting on what you said to me at
this earlier in the conversation about
him wanting to keep the family together
and be part of the family based on his
own early experiences maybe his own um
Family upbringing that must have been
particularly painful for him seems like
he'd designed designed this company to
be a family and that's clearly one of
the most important things for him so for
him to be ousted from his quote unquote
family must have been tremendously
painful
did you ever learn about his early years
did you ever learn about his his own
background his family yeah I actually
interesting because
for how close I was to him
when he became unwell I actually learned
how much I didn't know about him
and I think
you know he just
I think he had a lot of challenges of
never feeling accepted for who he was
which makes me so sad because
me as a person
and especially like the destiny that we
have now like we truly accept anyone and
love anyone it doesn't matter like who
you choose to love where you're from
like you belong to us and like we are
grateful if you want to be part of
family you are you are the family
so I find it hard that he never felt
that except he never felt like he could
be his true self
which I think I only learned more when
he became unwell
how
um
like he'd had Riad he'd had this
incredible life partner for 10 years
that I didn't even know about
a romantic partner yeah
husband
a boyfriend pretty much yeah and again
like those things when I mean that's a
big thing to hide from someone why was
he hiding it
well I can only think that was him
feeling like he wouldn't be accepted for
it and I mean because it's a man yeah
and I mean well in the world today but I
mean especially the beauty like it's
I'm so proud of the the you know the the
diverse team we have like he would have
been so accepted but I mean he was from
Iran I think he maybe just had
well I don't know I can't say the
reasons yeah and but he clearly never
felt like he could share with the world
who he truly wasn't I mean that's that's
a huge
thing to carry what about his parents so
his mother died when he was very young
and I think he had a challenge
relationship with his father but again I
only learned a lot when he became ill
and I also have a battle with
if he didn't want to tell me
he didn't want people to know so there's
kind of a balance of
you know I have so many things that gosh
I wish I could ask him
what are those things
about his childhood about who he is
about why he felt the need to keep
things secret
and then also just to understand because
you know people say to me like like did
he have any signs of mental health
challenges before
and and again it depends what you
consider traits of mental health but no
I mean he was eccentric and he was you
know high intensity in many things that
I think are are traits often our
Founders I mean I would love to
understand more
like how do we support people with
mental health because again I mean for
someone to be sectioned five times why
was he sectioned
he would just be in very bad situations
please come and get involved and then
drugs drugs and again it's so hard to
diagnose
um because yeah they both kind of
spiraled spiraled each other quite
dramatically he was doing meth in the UK
I read as well but and then he got
arrested from yeah and and again my my
limited understanding of drugs but I
think crystal meth is about as as bad as
it gets I think in in many ways
and so then in October he got removed
and again I remember feeling like maybe
maybe this will show him like be the
push he needs to to get help
but it wasn't things just kept spiraling
and again what's so difficult in these
situations is at this point I think he's
pushed pretty much everyone away who
really loved him and he's now because
you have to remember he also had funds
he had you know resources
which meant you know at this point he'd
was now flying private jets everywhere
and he was kind of surrounded by people
that I had never met before and who I
don't think were particularly good
people for him to have around but I mean
you don't have control over another
human being and I think that's a thing
that I really struggled with was how
much everyone wanted to help him and
loved him
but at some point you know so by October
I mean we've had 10 months of
so much hurt
so much trying to help him so much you
know you have moments when you think
you're getting through and maybe like
this is gonna like be a change and then
things just fall down again
so he
then when you've got sort of 700
employees takes to Instagram and
announces that he's shutting down the
company
and did he mean that yeah I think he did
again I don't know if he meant it or if
he was
just wanting to be removed and almost
you know if that was the reason he was
kind of doing some of these behaviors
there had been things had been very
extreme
and I sometimes don't know if he would
have thought like you know what else do
I need to do for someone to just take me
out of this
so then obviously at that point you know
the the board the shelves there's no
choice but to now remove Brandon from
from the company did they contact you
after that so yeah they they privately I
mean before the the lawsuit and all that
stuff started they'd said listen Nicola
we're gonna have to do something here
yeah and I mean throughout this process
there are many conversations because
again you know every shareholder loved
Brandon and cared for him and like
everyone's a good person and it's like
everyone wants to help someone that
they've seen this Brilliance in and kind
of seeing this quick quick downfall and
I think the Viewpoint was always how do
we protect decim so that branding can
get better and come back so it was
always just a temporary order
um and obviously they rang me because it
would name me as becoming Soul CEO and
kind of the interim period
and again you know I had these thoughts
that maybe maybe this is what is needed
for him to actually
get the help because sometimes they say
you know you have to lose everything to
hit rock bottom to then be accepting
that you need help but that that didn't
happen and I think when
when it when
the court order happened in October
which is what three days after he
announces he's shutting down the company
or was it more
it was a very quick period I can't
remember exactly but yeah I think it was
within days
but then things just seem to keep
spiraling and obviously you know at that
point in October I was seven months
pregnant and so I remember I had like
one last travel before I was at the kind
of no no flying stage so
I went to Toronto and actually the first
thing I did was bringing back a lot of
the incredible team members that had
gone during the period of 2018.
so I need to pause there because that's
pretty astounding you're seven months
pregnant
the founder has been ousted by a huge
like multinational billion dollar
conglomerate and you're thrust in as CEO
of the company of 700 people who have
just gone through
chaos
what do you do day one
um
so so assemble the team so you know the
key people who were Incredibly Close to
Brandon who had also been fired and kind
of pushed out in in all of this chaos
they needed to come back to the company
because they were also co-founders they
were also people who had been there from
the beginning understood the values and
we desperately needed
I remember going for dinner with Stephen
and say like I need you to come back so
Stephen was a CFO at the time and then
we came back as a CEO and again like we
just needed to get organization because
I mean in this period of 2018
you have to remember the
our demand for the products went through
the roof because I mean there was a lot
of noise around what was happening and
did it help sales massively which is
frustrating but you know
because we had such good products
that was also in the conversation but it
was like have you seen what's happening
have you seen this Instagram have you
seen this sounded like it's you know
I'll be honest with you the only time
I'd had because I'm I'm not a buyer of
the products the ordinary products the
only time I'd heard about the brand was
I heard a story when I was in New York I
think in 2017 2018 when I was living in
New York about this founder that had
like hijacked the Instagram and was
posting like a dead sheep he posted like
a picture of a dead sheep or something
and I remember clicking on this is so
funny actually I clicked onto the
Instagram to like see what was going on
it's kind of like being nosy or whatever
and I was like
that branding's cool
so for the last five years I've known it
from that first moment but I remember
thinking that branding is really on the
money
it was only one a year old
crazy so actually
you know many people's first interaction
with the brand was probably through you
know being told have you seen this
person on Instagram have you seen this
breakdown that's happening in public
so that was and I think that's one thing
I find very hard is that Brandon was
an incredible human being he was so kind
he was such a Visionary he was so high
energy he truly was a genius
that I find it hard that people didn't
really know him from before and actually
so many people only learn about him
through that period
which is very sometimes difficult to
accept but it is also the reality of
just the the situation and social media
and the appetite for controversy that I
think kind of exists today
did when the lawsuit was happening and
he was being ousted was there a point
during that that couple of days that
period where he called you
he became one you couldn't
off he didn't
the court like you know he was obviously
should have
in normal world like would have a
representation and would you know he was
just just finished
so you come into the office you assemble
the team you pull the people back yeah
and and again so then for those next
couple of months you know we
we did hit like Brandon would sometimes
be parked outside in front of our office
in Toronto and again you have to
remember this is people who love him
but now there's a character who is
is still acting at times
um you know frustrated
upset
and it's just a very difficult and
environment to be in you've got a
responsibility now a CEO
you've got this guy parked outside the
office you're trying to focus the team
there's a guy parked outside the office
who's capable of causing chaos to the
company to the team members the
employees you know really not you know
stable
surely you've got a responsibility to
call the police or something or get him
out there you know is that there's a
conflict of interest
it's such a hot because you try
everything
and actually you have to remember as
well during this period I was back in
the UK
so actually it was even harder because I
mean at this point I'm like eight months
pregnant nine months pregnant so hearing
this but actually not being in Toronto
to actually be there in head office with
the team
and again that's where Stephen and kind
of other members were incredible
and again it's difficult because you
know Stephen would like there to be a
conversation with Brandon and then you
get to the point where people just
believing out the back exit to kind of
because it's such a horrible situation I
mean he's he's not doing anything wrong
sitting in his car on the road so it's
kind of you couldn't even ring the
police unless he was actually acting
abusive but sitting in the car alone
like were you not worried
everything was more just sadness
of like how he would be feeling at that
time and then you just get frustrated at
yourself because you know I think we're
we're so used to figuring out the answer
of figuring out Solutions so then when
you're in this heartbreaking situation
of you know trying to be nice trying to
be there trying to ask if he's okay
being away being distant
nothing works and actually that feels
very hard I think to to actually accept
especially as someone who you know I
like to find Solutions there's a problem
like we find the answer
so it was a hard period
and then my daughter was born December
29th just four days after after
Christmas
and then I remember in the January
getting a message so so Dion had the
Press had got in touch with us say is it
true Brandon's died we had heard nothing
at this point and I remember thinking
surely not like
we wouldn't be hearing from a reporter
asking us the question so I said to John
like I'll ask Stephen to see if he can
hear anything
Stephen went to
the police station who confirmed they'd
found his body and he'd passed away
I remember Stephen ringing me and I was
breastfeeding my daughter at the time
and just feeling this shot because
you just never think that's actually the
ending that's going to come like I think
I always did just think at some point he
would get better
and actually not within a year
someone could go from like being the
person you know and you love and who is
normal and then for them to a year later
that this this
is such a fast downwards Pirates
happened that that's kind of had that
ending
and then you also I then realized that I
do think his partner knew
I don't think any new like any of our
destined family like no one knew other
than that reporter but if the Press know
that means quite quickly everyone's
going to know
then having to go through this process
of bringing his partner ringing like the
people that I knew were Incredibly Close
personally to him
ringing Estee Lauder Companies like
telling the people that had to know I
mean quite quickly having the email
drafted because also you know this press
inquiry has gone to our General Media at
decim inbox which means the team are
already knowing that this inquiry is out
there
so suddenly it's like okay gosh like I
need everyone to hear this in in the
right order
so trying to like make those phone calls
send those messages
do you process it yourself
no I think I went into
I remember just the shock of
I really didn't think it was going to
end in that way
all that soon
and then I think it was just okay
let's like
go through the motions like who do we
need to tell like how do we handle this
from here
and then
remember like then be like I need to get
meal or a passport because we flew to
Toronto five like five days later
um
and it yeah just go into like
how do we because again it's not just a
a company that's left a Founder is a
family it's a friend it's someone who's
so close to all of us
and it's also hard because it's just
such a
just a tragic story and a tragic ending
and you know and I think that's
sometimes like our family bond and
especially the bond that we still have
now so many people who were there at the
beginning but I mean we lived through
this like we had this year
of all messaging each other around this
has just happened what do you think we
should do how do we handle this
situation like we live that pain
together which I think is is probably
why there is a bond that I think is
still incredibly strong that wouldn't
normally exist because
it does strengthen when you go through
those
tough times together
he was he was on his own when he passed
away
yeah he he posted Instagram videos on on
that night
so you know we we know from various
things that he was obviously still in
this cycle of drug abuse and then kind
of Mental Health
we don't know
no one was there he he fell off the
balcony I don't believe it was suicide
with an intention to end his life
because
he'd have I believe he'd have left him
now he'd have sent an email he was he
was big on words like he always had
something to say
that I find it hard to think that he
would
and again you know even if it was videos
like there was there was always kind of
communication coming from him
but I find it hard to believe he would
purposefully end things without having a
lust kind of voice in the world
but again you know when you are in that
situation
I don't know if he was sat on the edge
and kind of
felt he was a high floor apartment there
was kind of a huge storms and winds that
night but I mean none of us were there
so we'll we'll never truly know what
happened
as well as your job to have sort of
communicating this to your team and
dealing with the ram the after effects
of his passing
when do you when do you process it this
is someone you love this is your friend
that's you've just found out has died
this is your co-founder your former
co-ceo someone you've been on a
Incredible Journey with when do you have
a chance to stop and just really um work
through the emotions
I actually don't know if I ever have him
into this
hard one you know
work was this year was so busy because
we were just
gone through this year of turmoil where
demand has gone through the roof yet
behind the scenes
you know people have done an amazing job
at holding things together but it'd also
been a year of
no leadership kind of decisions being
made in the wrong way a lot of chaos
there
so you suddenly have this situation of
like there's a lot to fix there's a lot
to sort out and I'm and I'm not talking
even from like culture and emotions but
just actually from like business
practicalities because this is a brand
that's exploding with this kind of
soaring demand that's had this chaos
that now needs stability
in these kind of all of this love put
back back into it and back into the team
and people and then obviously I also
have a newborn baby at this time so I
feel like
almost just that period since then like
things have just been so busy and
I'm just a big believer and like there
are there would you pick the times in
your life when you're ready to focus on
something and I know there's a period in
my life I want to sit down with a
psychologist and just go through
everything that happened to have a
better understanding of it
but I feel like that's it needs to be at
the right time when I'm ready and
actually to really like I'm someone that
when I put my energy into something
it becomes such a big focus and you know
I want to do it right and I know at the
moment with everything going on I
wouldn't have the right time to dedicate
to it and also probably partly healing
like it's still you know it'll be five
years in in January since he passed away
it's coming to a time when I think it
may be
gets easier but it's also still very raw
because I think
it's hard to say if it's regrets but you
always have those feelings of
is there anything different we could
have done because you feel so helpless
about how things just spiraled
that's what I was I was I was going to
ask is upon getting that news the
people often talk about this when they
talk about the passing of a parent or
something they look back on the
relationship from A New Perspective now
because as you said in your own words
you didn't ever envisage it would end
that way so when it does end that way
your perspective on the situation can
shift to what you as you said you know
thoughts of regret or words unsaid or
things that maybe we could have done and
and that can be quite um
that can consume one's thoughts was
there a lot of that during that time
because you know in the year 2018 I'd
had a lot of reflections of maybe we
weren't as close as I thought because
you know if he could have this life
partnering and all of these things and
not even feel comfortable to tell me
then maybe I thought we were this
closest that we actually weren't you
start to kind of question those things
and actually the the area which I then
kind of got the Comfort back that it was
genuine and it was the love that I felt
that he he felt was
when we when we got a copy of of his his
estate of his will of his kind of last
wishes
when it's set around the decision on
what should happen with his body
it first went to his partner of 10 years
and then it said in an absence of that
person I want Nicola to decide what
happens to my body
and actually that was a very comforting
thing because I mean there's nothing
more personal than to try to trust
someone with if something happens to me
this person can decide
what happens to like my remains
so that then actually gave me the
Comfort the like
it was genuine it was a true love like
he did see me as that other than his his
partner like his kind of
best friend his partner someone who was
incredibly close who he would
feel like that was the right person to
make that decision so I'd I'd kind of
gone on this cycle of feeling you know
very pushed out very targeted very
maybe maybe it wasn't all real maybe I
was just a colleague and kind of it was
just business to actually know it was
family it was love so
I kind of had that reflection then I
think that gave me a lot of comfort
do you miss Brandon incredibly much
you know it's quite lonely because when
you've gone from having someone where
every decision you're you're texting
you're together you're kind of you're
doing it together gives you the
confidence that you're going in the
right way
so it's very difficult to lose that and
you know it's like you go from a
two-parent to just one parent and you
feel responsible for this incredible
child but also a child that's growing
very fast and
you know you you want to do the best by
everyone
and it's and also like it's it's a huge
change I mean the company we are today
is very different and you know like with
any any kind of fast growth business you
have to try and find a balance of you
know never compromising on our values
and things that are so core to our
purpose
but then finding a way that you can can
actually grow and scale and and actually
you know when
we you know early years we've never had
a strategy and it was kind of never
anything for that I thought we would do
but then obviously you go to a size that
you start thinking about these things
and it was interesting because the first
time we did strategy
I think it's worth posing there and just
highlighting what you've just said you
had a philosophy early on where you
didn't you didn't have a company
strategy it was never planned never have
a strategy that was your ethos yeah why
uh we actually again we had all of these
slogans in our offices and one with
strategy is is also overrated and you
need to be agile as a startup and again
I think you know a big thing
Brando is a big believer in this he
always used to say we've got to be the
small Rabbit running into the holes that
the big elephants can't get to and the
big elephants obviously been there the
big conglomerates because they've got
far more money than us far more
resources there is no point as doing
what they're doing but with far less
let's find the holes and and part of
that is again being agile I mean again
you think the ordering was the 11th
brand and as much as we had like
elements of success before then you know
the ordinary it took 11 attempts to
really get it right now a strategy can't
plan for that because our strategy was
to keep failing until it got until we
kind of got it right
um now as you get bigger it changes
because suddenly you know you
you need to articulate things in a
different way but it was interesting
because when we did our first process of
strategy and obviously I'm still very
at this point was very unoffensive I
don't think we're a company that kind of
needs a big document Etc so it's quite
nice after we'd kind of had all these
conversations we came down to basically
having our entire strategy was build
growth power good
that was the strategy because almost it
was and again
I'm very proud that I feel like we're
more than just a beauty company we want
to have a good impact on the world we
believe in
making incredible products but also
having a good impact on the planet you
know I believe the world of skin care
is now a better place because people
there is more transparency there's more
awareness ingredients like niacinamide I
think there's better price points I
think there is you know we talk about
quality equality and actually within
skin care I think that's something that
now is much more accessible to people so
I I believe like we are having a good
impact and I think that businesses can
do that and you know I
like if you ever get the chance to come
to Toronto and you know I welcome anyone
to come look around our offices our
production facility because the warmth
you find from people
is unlike anywhere I've ever
I think could exist ladies and gentlemen
as you know Zoe is now sponsoring this
podcast and I'm a proud investor in the
company and I've been going on the Zoe
Journey myself it all starts with this
home testing kit you get sent in the
post which measures your gut health your
blood sugar and your blood fat I've had
this little device this blood sugar
glucose sensor on my arm which came in
the home testing kit to understand how
all of the different foods that I eat
day to day have an impact on my body and
it's been pretty unbelievable a big
thing for me is feeling tired after I've
eaten something and not understanding
why historically I didn't understand now
I do understand I'd been eating I think
it was like a rice stir fry with a bit
of chicken and some chili sauce in there
and I saw in my blood glucose chart on
my phone which is connected to the
device that Zoe sent me this huge Spike
and then later in the day I saw a huge
dip when I started feeling that sort of
post lunch slump and what will happen
next is Tim tells me they'll take all of
that data and give me my own
personalized Zoe scores for any food so
I can figure out what I should be eating
and what I should avoid if I want to
avoid those afternoon slums and if you
want to get started on your Zoe Journey
with me use the code we've got an
exclusive code here CEO 10 for 10 off
and let me know how you get on when it
arrives back to the episode
if I was to ask you then again we're
looking there at like
the finished painting I want to know
the colors that went into the painting
So how and you were there the whole time
so you got to see what what created that
end product if I'm a startup founder
listening to this now and I go okay
Nicola I'm at the very start and I want
that end product I want to be 10 years
in super successful and everyone's happy
what are the most important things for
them to understand in body and sort of
implement into their companies just
maybe like Top Line so from a business
perspective product quality is the only
way to be successful and therefore I
mean the only reason we're now in a
position where I think we can invest so
much in sustainability social impact in
people is because if we started with
science we made the very best product
that people know they get results with
which ultimately has allowed us to grow
and again it comes back to this the more
we build growth the more we can power
good and this is a continuous Circle
that we're now in that I think is just
the bigger we get the bigger impact we
can have which I think is very powerful
and then I think from from a people
perspective I mean any founder can now
write the new rules and again for us
it's around like belonging everyone
belongs at decim like that's our North
Star like we have so much work on how we
make people feel belong why does that
matter
um I think that was advocate here
obviously why does that matter what does
it help me be successful
because you you want humans to feel
supported to feel safe to feel trusted
to if you want to get the best from
someone and also we have such a diverse
Workforce and I mean even 50 of our team
50 of our leadership is by POG and we
continue to kind of strive to do more
but I think that diversity like the more
different viewpoints you have in a room
the more you're going to drive
Innovation you're going to drive
creativity you're going to move things
forward and actually a favorite quote I
had of Brandon's was he said
I always just find fascinating
like people are skeptical and then one
day planes do fly and again if you think
back to like there would have been a
point where someone's saying what we can
fly in an airplane in the sky and it's
you know like that would have been
baffling and then it happens so actually
incredible change and advances can
happen and it starts with small changes
it starts with some you know we always
say like we started as a group of just
good people having fun wanting to do the
right thing
and then it's kind of led to where we
are today
what are your non-negotiables you know
because you're now then you're the chief
disciple of decim you're the one that
knows exactly what a decim person is how
they behave what a decim decision looks
like what deci and behavior looks like
what are your non-negotiables
and kindness
um I also always say like yeah
the right thing even when no one is
looking and for me that's like the
authenticity piece
and then that's also the difference I
think between being nice and being kind
is that actually even if someone's not
looking you're always just doing the
right thing
caring about the small things because
actually the Small Things become the big
things over time so I think really
nurturing that
um
and just thinking differently and again
it's something where
if you're taking inspiration from the
industrial category you're already in
there's no point because you're just
gonna end up doing what everyone else is
doing you need to take inspiration from
everywhere but the industry and category
you're playing in because you know as I
said like the ordinary inspiration came
from pharmacy from Healthcare if we took
inspiration from the world of beauty and
Skin Care we'd have just done what
everyone else is doing but with far less
resources and and kind of ability behind
us
so I think where you take inspiration
from is very important
I'm going to do a little bit of a quick
fire here
buys an interview
is going to start so correct how many
staff do you have today
uh just shy 1500. how many stores have
you got we've got 32 of our own stores
how many of the positions in your
company are held by women
um we're over 50 percent
the vast majority of your products are
still under ten dollars
um yes our best-selling ones are
okay
um
you're the most searched skincare brand
on tick tock
very proud of our tick tock
top you're the most popular skincare
brand in Boots
as well yeah I don't know maybe on
on.com do you know how many products you
sell a second
a lot of stuff like that
I lose track is it two a second
I have no idea yeah I don't have
anywhere I thought you had it there no
no no
CineMate it maybe two a second
um right
yeah
looking back at the career you've
covered so far
what's the advice that you wish someone
had given you
let's say it let me say the day you met
Brandon
if I could have just ring ring your
phone goes
and it's you at
34 years old you are 34 now yes 34 years
old
and you you got to speak to Nicola back
then on the phone 60 seconds you get to
give us some advice
stay calm always find the positive and
everything because I think that
positivity is what's infectious and
actually makes other people
believe in what you want to do and kind
of can get you through the toughest
Times by just being calm being kind and
just
you know I have belief in the end game
like we're on this planet for such a
small amount of time some things you can
control some things you can't life isn't
fair
you have your own situation and I think
I've always found coming to things just
with a an air of calmness has always
been the best way okay I don't get
stressed out and I think that's an
important quality
it's not easy
don't get stressed out takes a lot
what are your um what does your mother
think of everything that's happened in
your career incredibly proud
and I'm incredibly close to my mum like
I see her every week and you know what's
also been nice is she's traveled so much
with me uh you know she's so often my
child care kind of looking after them
when we travel and you know Sean's
parents they're they're very close to
you but yeah I think she's
just just incredibly proud of how
everything's turned out and your father
passed when you were when I was 20
um and again it's it's it's very hard
because
probably see some similarities I think
between kind of what happened back then
in
I guess just the uncontrollability and
the
um ability to help the situation because
you know up until the age of well when I
was 18 like two years before he passed
away I mean he was
healthy he was well he liked to drink
but you know
not to the point of being an alcoholic
and then very quickly things spiraled
so he loved being a radio presenter and
like that was his life
but I think it is a hard industry where
suddenly you're not current anymore and
there's younger presenters coming
through
and he'd you know he'd gone from
presenting on on
the the radio station for
literally
25 years you know he started at 18.
and he's been very successful in kind of
the
in you know the big kind of South
Yorkshire radio station and suddenly it
was taken away from him I think that
created just a spiral and you know he
also I think had challenges with his
upbringing
and alcohol just became a coping
mechanism and again I think it just
both times it surprised me how quickly
my father had gone
that wouldn't be a guest if I wasn't
cracking
my grandma died on Monday as well it's
just extra one if all the emotions
okay yeah we're gonna get some tissues
jacket you've got some tissues there
thank you
the conversation around around addiction
we don't um
it's taken us some time to understand
its relationship with mental health
right in in that situation what you
describe is the like the loss of your
father's purpose and how that
um turned him to alcohol and then within
a short period of time I'm guessing
there was an alcohol related
death yeah
when you were 20
the world wasn't it certainly wasn't in
a place that's sort of 14 15 years ago
wasn't in a place where it would have
understood
alcoholism in the same way
were you were you able to understand the
causes of your father's Behavior at that
time
I was I felt like
I could understand it
as in in the way of
I remember one of the doctors saying to
us
because he was in hospital quite a few
times like you have to treat this as a
terminal illness because
even if he gets better it's there and it
can come back within the brain at any
time when it's a severe addiction
so I think I kind of
understood what was happening again
found it incredibly difficult of being
helpless in terms of
can you go from someone who you love and
who loves you and who would do anything
for you and for their family
just something again this not talking
the same language and again it's very
hard I think with addiction
alcohol abuse because
you find it hard like why can't they
just stop like they love us like why why
do they want to be in this situation and
again it takes like the rethinking
around like they can't help it like this
is an illness just like cancer like
other diseases like their brain is ill
and they can't think of anything other
than
how they can get an English drink and I
think it's just a heart
it's a hard thing to accept feeling
helpless whether there isn't a
medication you know
it came in this in the UK you can't put
someone into rehab unless they want to
go but they've got their brain battling
with them they won't allow them to make
that decision
and when everything happened with
Brandon
it was like history repeating itself
again you watched someone you love
slowly slip away into
yeah it was
I guess the one of the differences with
my
with my dad he never became he was still
very loving
and kind even though you know he
couldn't stop
was I think with Brandon it was
things were much more
it was more anger and it was kind of
more
my dad always still had the love and the
kindness coming through even when he was
ill
were you were you able to process that
your father passing did you did you take
the time did you get the support did you
have
any anyone there to speak to about that
really
I think I've always just
I just keep busy and actually I'm a very
I'm generally a very like positive calm
happy like
I truly have a high level of happiness
in my life despite all that tragedy
has happened
and I get so much joy and so much loving
like I have so much support from my
husband and my mum and my sister and you
know some of the best friends in the
world who've been my best friend since
we were in school
that I've just
is it strange to go through everything
that's happened but actually still feel
very just secure
I love to wish I think you know I often
say this like despite what happened I
mean I had 18 years if probably a very
boring but very stable loving happy
childhood that I think really does set
the foundations for later life
you've got one wonderful husband you've
got two gorgeous wonderful beautiful
children they're happy and healthy and
then you've got 1 500 children
a decim
um who are doing just great as well
how are you feeling
um honestly very privileged very lucky
I mean to be
like 34 and I feel like actually
I've accomplished so many of my dreams
like having my children having an
incredible husband having an amazing
home an amazing life together
and then also like I mean how lucky that
at 24 decim came into my life
and I've met the most incredible people
I have best friends now from the company
I get
I live in like such an exciting world
like you know I get to work with one of
the best Brands and companies in the
world and and also actually I like to
think influence
and set the the footprint for actually
what business can be like it can be a
place where where leaders can be kind
they don't you know again if you think
around business from 20 30 years ago and
probably the polar opposite to what
would be expected to be a leader you
don't have a big glass box you don't sit
in your own big glass office above
everybody else I heard you hot desk your
team told me you hot desk with them I've
never had my own desk in any office at
sem probably the only person to never
have my own desk and actually I love it
first of all because I'm traveling and
you know whenever I'm somewhere I always
want to spend time with people so
normally I am in meetings I want to be
in just getting to know everyone and if
I do have time on my desktop desking is
far better like who's not in today or go
sit in there just because then you get
to talk to another team you get to be
around people and so I've always kind of
just enjoyed the the floating piece of
just getting to know everyone in the
team
we have a closing tradition on this
podcast as you know because clearly you
just said you'd watched an episode
before so
this is um
this will not be a surprise we have a
closing tradition where the last guest
leaves a question for the next guest
this is a bit of a long one
um the question is
ah okay I've been trying to figure out
what this word is that's why I was
mumbling around because I was like I
can't okay stasis is a lie
in every moment we are either
progressing towards the better self
within or regressing
so the question is
who are you becoming
I think I'm becoming
someone who is just accepting
of who they are
and actually just being very content
and being happy with who I am and I
think you know
like people always ask me like and I
have no plans to leave Destiny but
people who say life after Desi and what
do you want to do and they always don't
believe when they say like I just want
to be a mum like that's so important to
me like
and again I talk about chapters in life
like if that's that period
that I get one chance at life to do then
I want to prioritize that and I think
you know it sometimes
people
associate well because you've been like
business and you've been driven that
becomes a conflict and that but it
doesn't because also I think the
qualities
that make me want to dedicate so much to
my children and being a good mum I
probably also would actually mix the
culture what it is at decim today
so I think just accepting that actually
we're all unique and
I am very content at this moment in life
I feel
I don't particularly have any regrets
I want to know more about if things
could have been differently in this you
know the the bad situations that have
happened
but I think because I've always feel
like I've approached things with
kindness
that I've been true to myself that
actually that's something that I kind of
want to continue to be
Well you certainly do embody kindness
and you are you know your team described
you as being aware of sunshine that
isn't my experience of you that is also
my experience of your husband who I met
a year ago
um who's also a wonderful human being
um
thank you thank you for so much thank
you for the inspiration you really are
an example that in order to be a
successful leader in business you don't
need to be what we used to see in movies
which is like screaming and shouting at
people and throwing things from the
glass box and being cruel and being
selfish and and being a leech on society
or the Earth or whatever it might be you
you are one of those shining examples
that that success and kind aren't
mutually exclusive in fact in clearly in
your case from speaking to your team and
seeing how much they adore you it's
additive to the to the outcome of
success it doesn't deduct from it but
your story as well the the it should be
a movie and I'm sure you're gonna I'm
sure it will be a movie someday or at
least something an incredible incredible
series of books is one that is so
incredible so inspiring so
um
you know uh Unthinkable at times and the
way that you share it with such wisdom
and vulnerability is going to induce so
much
light and inspiration and
um Liberation and everyone that's
listened today so sometimes when I do
this podcast I realize that I have to
thank you on behalf of the listener
because I realized the listener is at
home and they are going to DM you and
all that stuff because they do that a
lot which is fantastic but I would
really like to thank you on behalf of
everyone that listened to this
conversation because um I know how many
of them in so many ways that you'll
never understand you'll see maybe one
percent of it you'll never understand
how much you've helped and you don't
have to you don't have to come and do
these things and share the way you do
and open yourself up like this you do
have a choice in that and you've chosen
to do that and I know why you've chosen
to do that and it's because of the value
that you've shared today so thank you
Nicola it's been a pleasure to meet you
um you're very much the reason why I do
what I do here is to find the stories
like this and to share them with the
world and you'll continue to inspire me
for many years to come through all those
chapters of your life that you described
amazing
thank you for listening
right now I'm incredibly busy I'm
running my fund where we're investing in
slightly later stage companies I've got
my Venture business where we invest in
early stage companies got a third web
out in San Francisco in New York City
where we've got a big team of about 40
people and the company's growing very
quickly flight story here in the UK I've
got the podcast and I am days away from
going up north to film Dragon's Den for
two months and if there's ever a point
in my life where I want to stay focused
on my health but it's challenging to do
so it is right now and for me that is
exactly where he all comes in allowing
me to stay healthy and have a
nutritionally complete diet even when my
professional life descends into chaos
and it's in these moments where heels
rtds become my right hand man and save
my life because when my world descends
into professional chaos and I get very
very busy the first thing that tends to
give way is my nutritional choices so
having heal in my life has been a
lifesaver for the last four or so years
and if you haven't tried heal yet which
is I'd be shocked you must be living
under a rock if you haven't yet give it
a shot coming into summer things getting
busy Health matters always
RTD is there to hold your hand
[Music]
oh